<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Table of Contents</title>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="frontmatter">
		<nav epub:type="toc">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Table of Contents</h2>
			<ol>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/titlepage.xhtml">Titlepage</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/imprint.xhtml">Imprint</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-1.xhtml">Chapter I: Treats of the Place Where Oliver Twist Was Born and of the Circumstances Attending His Birth</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-2.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">II</span>: Treats of Oliver Twist’s Growth, Education, and Board</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-3.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">III</span>: Relates How Oliver Twist Was Very Near Getting a Place Which Would Not Have Been a Sinecure</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-4.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">IV</span>: Oliver, Being Offered Another Place, Makes His First Entry Into Public Life</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-5.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">V</span>: Oliver Mingles with New Associates. Going to a Funeral for the First Time, He Forms an Unfavourable Notion of His Master’s Business</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-6.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">VI</span>: Oliver, Being Goaded by the Taunts of Noah, Rouses Into Action, and Rather Astonishes Him</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-7.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">VII</span>: Oliver Continues Refractory</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-8.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">VIII</span>: Oliver Walks to London. He Encounters on the Road a Strange Sort of Young Gentleman</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-9.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">IX</span>: Containing Further Particulars Concerning the Pleasant Old Gentleman, and His Hopeful Pupils</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-10.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">X</span>: Oliver Becomes Better Acquainted with the Characters of His New Associates; and Purchases Experience at a High Price. Being a Short, but Very Important Chapter, in This History</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-11.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XI</span>: Treats of <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Fang the Police Magistrate; and Furnishes a Slight Specimen of His Mode of Administering Justice</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-12.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XII</span>: In Which Oliver Is Taken Better Care of Than He Ever Was Before. and in Which the Narrative Reverts to the Merry Old Gentleman and His Youthful Friends.</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-13.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XIII</span>: Some New Acquaintances Are Introduced to the Intelligent Reader, Connected with Whom Various Pleasant Matters Are Related, Appertaining to This History</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-14.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XIV</span>: Comprising Further Particulars of Oliver’s Stay at <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Brownlow’s, with the Remarkable Prediction Which One <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Grimwig Uttered Concerning Him, When He Went Out on an Errand</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-15.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XV</span>: Showing How Very Fond of Oliver Twist, the Merry Old Jew and Miss Nancy Were</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-16.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XVI</span>: Relates What Became of Oliver Twist, After He Had Been Claimed by Nancy</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-17.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XVII</span>: Oliver’s Destiny Continuing Unpropitious, Brings a Great Man to London to Injure His Reputation</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-18.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XVIII</span>: How Oliver Passed His Time in the Improving Society of His Reputable Friends</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-19.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XIX</span>: In Which a Notable Plan Is Discussed and Determined On</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-20.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XX</span>: Wherein Oliver Is Delivered Over to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> William Sikes</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-21.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXI</span>: The Expedition</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-22.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXII</span>: The Burglary</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-23.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXIII</span>: Which Contains the Substance of a Pleasant Conversation Between <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bumble and a Lady; and Shows That Even a Beadle May Be Susceptible on Some Points</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-24.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXIV</span>: Treats on a Very Poor Subject. But Is a Short One, and May Be Found of Importance in This History</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-25.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXV</span>: Wherein This History Reverts to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Fagin and Company</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-26.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXVI</span>: In Which a Mysterious Character Appears Upon the Scene; and Many Things, Inseparable from This History, Are Done and Performed</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-27.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXVII</span>: Atones for the Unpoliteness of a Former Chapter; Which Deserted a Lady, Most Unceremoniously</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-28.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXVIII</span>: Looks After Oliver, and Proceeds with His Adventures</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-29.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXIX</span>: Has an Introductory Account of the Inmates of the House, to Which Oliver Resorted</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-30.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXX</span>: Relates What Oliver’s New Visitors Thought of Him</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-31.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXI</span>: Involves a Critical Position</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-32.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXII</span>: Of the Happy Life Oliver Began to Lead with His Kind Friends</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-33.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXIII</span>: Wherein the Happiness of Oliver and His Friends, Experiences a Sudden Check</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-34.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXIV</span>: Contains Some Introductory Particulars Relative to a Young Gentleman Who Now Arrives Upon the Scene; and a New Adventure Which Happened to Oliver</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-35.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXV</span>: Containing the Unsatisfactory Result of Oliver’s Adventure; and a Conversation of Some Importance Between Harry Maylie and Rose</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-36.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXVI</span>: Is a Very Short One, and May Appear of No Great Importance in Its Place, but It Should Be Read Notwithstanding, as a Sequel to the Last, and a Key to One That Will Follow When Its Time Arrives</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-37.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXVII</span>: In Which the Reader May Perceive a Contrast, Not Uncommon in Matrimonial Cases</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-38.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXVIII</span>: Containing an Account of What Passed Between <abbr>Mr.</abbr> and <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Bumble, and <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Monks, at Their Nocturnal Interview</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-39.xhtml">Chapter <span epub:type="z3998:roman">XXXIX</span>: Introduces Some Respectable Characters with Whom the Reader Is Already Acquainted, and Shows How Monks and the Jew Laid Their Worthy Heads Together</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-40.xhtml">Chapter XL: A Strange Interview, Which Is a Sequel to the Last Chamber</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-41.xhtml">Chapter XLI: Containing Fresh Discoveries, and Showing That Suprises, Like Misfortunes, Seldom Come Alone</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-42.xhtml">Chapter XLII: An Old Acquaintance of Oliver’s, Exhibiting Decided Marks of Genius, Becomes a Public Character in the Metropolis</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-43.xhtml">Chapter XLIII: Wherein Is Shown How the Artful Dodger Got Into Trouble</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-44.xhtml">Chapter XLIV: The Time Arrives for Nancy to Redeem Her Pledge to Rose Maylie. She Fails.</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-45.xhtml">Chapter XLV: Noah Claypole Is Employed by Fagin on a Secret Mission</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-46.xhtml">Chapter XLVI: The Appointment Kept</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-47.xhtml">Chapter XLVII: Fatal Consequences</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-48.xhtml">Chapter XLVIII: The Flight of Sikes</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-49.xhtml">Chapter XLIX: Monks and <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Brownlow at Length Meet. Their Conversation, and the Intelligence That Interrupts It</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-50.xhtml">Chapter L: The Pursuit and Escape</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-51.xhtml">Chapter LI: Affording an Explanation of More Mysteries Than One, and Comprehending a Proposal of Marriage with No Word of Settlement or Pin-Money</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-52.xhtml">Chapter LII: Fagin’s Last Night Alive</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-53.xhtml">Chapter LIII: And Last</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/colophon.xhtml">Colophon</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/uncopyright.xhtml">Uncopyright</a>
				</lem>
			</ol>
		</nav>
		<nav epub:type="landmarks">
			<h2 epub:type="title">Landmarks</h2>
			<ol>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/titlepage.xhtml" epub:type="frontmatter titlepage">Titlepage</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/imprint.xhtml" epub:type="frontmatter imprint">Imprint</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/chapter-1.xhtml" epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">Oliver Twist</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/colophon.xhtml" epub:type="backmatter colophon">Colophon</a>
				</lem>
				<lem>
					<a href="text/uncopyright.xhtml" epub:type="backmatter copyright-page">Uncopyright</a>
				</lem>
			</ol>
		</nav>
	</body>
</html>
